https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/substance/
https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/name/<name>/JSON

https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/name/<name>/synonyms/
https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/smiles/<smiles>/synonyms/

To get Chemical ID#
https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/smiles/<smiles>/cids/JSON

Get molecule info
https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/inchikey/BPGDAMSIGCZZLK-UHFFFAOYSA-N/property/MolecularWeight,IUPACname/JSON

To get molecule info (for multiple molecules ID 1,2,3,4,5)
https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/cid/1,2,3,4,5/property/MolecularFormula,MolecularWeight,InChIKey/JSON


Some parts of the URL may be moved to the body of a POST request, rather than being part of the URL path. For example, a list of CID integers – which may be too long to fit within the size limitations of a GET request URL – may be moved to the POST body:

https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug/compound/cid/property/MolecularFormula,MolecularWeight/CSV

with “cid=1,2,3,4,5” in the POST body, would retrieve a CSV-formatted table of results for these CIDs. Note that for the service to parse such POST information correctly, the “Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded” value must be included in the request header. One may also use “Content-Type: multipart/form-data” with the POST body formatted accordingly.


for drugs/no SDS: MeSH%20Pharmacological%20Classification
https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/rest/pug_view/data/compound/<cid>/JSON?heading=GHS%20Classification
for GHS classifications (organized by source, probably just choose first one?)




## Properties available/useful:
MolecularFormula: Molecular formula.

MolecularWeight: The molecular weight is the sum of all atomic weights of the constituent atoms in a compound, measured in g/mol. In the absence of explicit isotope labelling, averaged natural abundance is assumed. If an atom bears an explicit isotope label, 100% isotopic purity is assumed at this location.

CanonicalSMILES: Canonical SMILES (Simplified Molecular Input Line Entry System) string.  It is a unique SMILES string of a compound, generated by a “canonicalization” algorithm.

IsomericSMILES: Isomeric SMILES string.  It is a SMILES string with stereochemical and isotopic specifications.

InChI: Standard IUPAC International Chemical Identifier (InChI).  It does not allow for user selectable options in dealing with the stereochemistry and tautomer layers of the InChI string.

InChIKey: Hashed version of the full standard InChI, consisting of 27 characters.

IUPACName: Chemical name systematically determined according to the IUPAC nomenclatures.

Title: The title used for the compound summary page.
XLogP: Computationally generated octanol-water partition coefficient or distribution coefficient. XLogP is used as a measure of hydrophilicity or hydrophobicity of a molecule.

ExactMass: The mass of the most likely isotopic composition for a single molecule, corresponding to the most intense ion/molecule peak in a mass spectrum.

MonoisotopicMass: The mass of a molecule, calculated using the mass of the most abundant isotope of each element.

TPSA: Topological polar surface area, computed by the algorithm described in the paper by Ertl et al.

Complexity: The molecular complexity rating of a compound, computed using the Bertz/Hendrickson/Ihlenfeldt formula.

Charge: The total (or net) charge of a molecule.

HBondDonorCount: Number of hydrogen-bond donors in the structure.

HBondAcceptorCount: Number of hydrogen-bond acceptors in the structure.

RotatableBondCount: Number of rotatable bonds.

HeavyAtomCount:Number of non-hydrogen atoms.

IsotopeAtomCount: Number of atoms with enriched isotope(s)

AtomStereoCount: Total number of atoms with tetrahedral (sp3) stereo [e.g., (R)- or (S)-configuration]

DefinedAtomStereoCount: Number of atoms with defined tetrahedral (sp3) stereo.

UndefinedAtomStereoCount: Number of atoms with undefined tetrahedral (sp3) stereo.

BondStereoCount: Total number of bonds with planar (sp2) stereo [e.g., (E)- or (Z)-configuration].

DefinedBondStereoCount: Number of atoms with defined planar (sp2) stereo.

UndefinedBondStereoCount: Number of atoms with undefined planar (sp2) stereo.

CovalentUnitCount: Number of covalently bound units.

Fingerprint2D: Base64-encoded PubChem Substructure Fingerprint of a molecule.